docs/usage/managing-integrations.mdx, before:

---
title: "Managing Integrations"
description: "Set up OAuth apps (Google, Notion, etc.) and manage tokens in Swiftgum."
icon: "link"
---

Swiftgum simplifies the process of connecting third-party services (e.g., Google Drive, Notion) by providing an Integrations module in the admin dashboard. This allows developers/admins (who configure OAuth apps) and end users (who link personal or admin drives) to manage access securely.


## Prerequisites

A Swiftgum admin account (Cloud).
An API key (for creating portal sessions if you’ll be redirecting users).
Sufficient permissions (administrator role) to add or modify integrations.


## Developer Setup (Enabling a Provider)

### Step 1: Register an OAuth App with the Provider
Each provider (e.g., Google, Notion) usually requires an OAuth application (or “Client”):
- Provider’s Developer Console: For Google, visit https://console.cloud.google.com . For Notion, https://developers.notion.com .
- Create an OAuth Client: Provide a name and callback URLs.
- Redirect URIs: Typically set to the Swiftgum callback domain (e.g., https://api.swiftgum.com/oauth/callback).
- Client ID & Secret: Copy these credentials for use in Swiftgum.

### Step 2: Add Provider Credentials in Swiftgum
1. Integrations Dashboard
   Log in to the Swiftgum admin panel and navigate to Integrations. Find the provider (e.g., Google Drive) or click “Add New Integration” if available.

2. Enter Credentials
   Paste your Client ID and Client Secret. Some providers also require scopes (e.g., drive.readonly, notion.pages.read).
   <img src="/images/integration-ui.png" alt="Swiftgum Integration UI" width="450"/>

3. Enable the Integration
   Toggle the integration to Enabled. Now end users can connect their personal accounts for that service via the Swiftgum Portal.


## Troubleshooting Tips

Invalid Redirect URI:
Make sure the redirect URI in the provider’s console exactly matches Swiftgum’s callback URL. Small mismatches (HTTP vs HTTPS, trailing slashes) can cause errors.

Token Refresh Issues:
• Some providers require manual re-auth if refresh tokens expire or scopes change.
• Check if the user has revoked access in their provider account settings.

Scopes Not Permitted:
Certain providers limit which scopes an app can request. Ensure you only request necessary scopes (e.g., drive.readonly, notion.database.read).


## Next Steps
With integrations enabled and end users connecting accounts, you can start ingesting documents and applying advanced features like RBAC or policy rules. See the Ingestion & Processing guide for details on how files are transformed and prepared for AI workflows.

Commit message:

docs: Refactor managing integrations documentation
- Improve clarity and readability of integration setup instructions
- Add links to provider-specific documentation
- Enhance troubleshooting section with more concise guidance
- Update UI description and image reference
- Streamline language for better user

docs/usage/managing-integrations.mdx, after:

---
title: "Managing Integrations"
description: "Set up OAuth apps (Google, Notion, etc.) and manage tokens in Swiftgum."
icon: "link"
---

Swiftgum simplifies the process of connecting third-party services to your application by providing an Integrations module in the admin dashboard. This allows developers/admins (who configure OAuth apps) and end users (who link personal or admin accounts) to manage access securely.

## Prerequisites

A Swiftgum admin account (Cloud).
An API key (for creating portal sessions if you'll be redirecting users).
Sufficient permissions (administrator role) to add or modify integrations.

## Developer Setup (Enabling a Provider)

### Step 1: Register an OAuth App with the Provider

Each provider requires an OAuth application (or "Client"):

- Provider's Developer Console: Visit the provider's developer portal to create your application
- Create an OAuth Client: Provide a name and callback URLs
- Redirect URIs: You will find this in the Swiftgum admin panel under Integrations > [Provider]
- Client ID & Secret: Copy these credentials for use in Swiftgum

For provider-specific setup instructions, refer to our provider documentation:

- [Notion](/providers/notion)
- [Google Drive](/providers/google:drive)
- [Gmail](/providers/google:gmail)
- [Other Providers](/providers/)

### Step 2: Add Provider Credentials in Swiftgum

1. Integrations Dashboard
   Log in to the Swiftgum admin panel and navigate to Integrations. Find the provider or click "Add New Integration" if available.

2. Enter Credentials
   Paste your Client ID and Client Secret. Some providers also require specific scopes (refer to the provider documentation for details).

   <img
     src="/images/integration-ui.png"
     alt="Swiftgum Integration UI"
     width="450"
   />

3. Enable the Integration
   Toggle the integration to Enabled. Now end users can connect their personal accounts for that service via the Swiftgum Portal.

## Troubleshooting Tips

Invalid Redirect URI:
Make sure the redirect URI in the provider's console exactly matches Swiftgum's callback URL. Small mismatches (HTTP vs HTTPS, trailing slashes) can cause errors.

Token Refresh Issues:
• Some providers require manual re-auth if refresh tokens expire or scopes change.
• Check if the user has revoked access in their provider account settings.

Scopes Not Permitted:
Certain providers limit which scopes an app can request. Ensure you only request necessary scopes as specified in the provider documentation.

## Next Steps

With integrations enabled and end users connecting accounts, you can start ingesting documents and applying advanced features like RBAC or policy rules. See the Ingestion & Processing guide for details on how files are transformed and prepared for AI workflows.
